Add bidirectionality to layers (#183)
posit-dev/ggsql: doc/syntax/layer/type/linear.qmd

* `linetype`: The type of the line, i.e. the dashing pattern

## Settings
* `orientation`: The orientation of the layer. Either `'aligned'` (default), or `'transposed'`. Determines if the layers primary axis ($x$ in the equation) is aligned with the coordinate systems first axis or not

## Data transformation
The linear layer does not transform its data but passes it through unchanged.

## Orientation

> Linear layers uses the predictor ($x$) for their primary axis and the response $y$ for its secondary axis. Since the primary axis cannot be deduced from the mapping it must be specified using the `orientation` setting. E.g. if you wish to create a vertical linear plot you need to set `orientation => 'transposed'` to indicate that the primary layer axis follows the second axis of the coordinate system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linear layers use the predictor ($x$) for their primary axis and the response $y$ for its secondary axis. Since the primary axis cannot be deduced from the mapping it must be specified using the `orientation` setting. E.g. to create a vertical linear plot, you need to set `orientation => 'transposed'` to indicate that the primary layer axis follows the second axis of the coordinate system.
```
